Add docs for accessing locals in ssr (#3224)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/server-side-rendering.mdx

</html>
```

### `Astro.locals`

> The `Astro.locals` object is a user-defined object that can be used to access data from your Astro middleware or your server inside your page. This can be useful for passing per-request data like user sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Astro.locals` is an object that can be used to access data from your [Astro middleware](/en/guides/middleware/) or your server inside your page. This can be useful for passing per-request data like user sessions.
```

> ```astro title="src/pages/account.astro" {8}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```astro title="src/pages/account.astro" {2}
```
I'm not sure which line was intended to be highlighted, but it was currently a code fence!  :smile:

I think highlighting the line using `Astro.locals` makes sense.

---
const { user } = Astro.locals;

// If the user is not logged in, redirect them to the login page

> if (user) {

Reviewer: Is this correct? If user, then redirect?

>   return Astro.redirect('/login');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  return Astro.redirect('/login/');
```
It might not make a difference, but we do typically show our routes with trailing slashes because in some projects (like docs) we do need to write them. If there's no good reason *not* to, then I'd suggest this.

If there *is* a good reason not to, carry on!
